README.md, before:

# DiamondQuest

A platformer about digging for treasure using *math* drills! It's inspired by
16-bit platformers.

DiamondQuest is an **accessibility-first** platformer, designed to be fun and
completely playable by players with motor disabilities affecting their use of
the mouse or keyboard. There is no "death condition", and no need to worry about
reflexes or tricky combinations: the entire game is playable with *one finger*
on the keyboard, or with a head pointer.

DiamondQuest is also a **math practice game** that coaches you while you solve
math problems. Problem difficulty is determined primarily by how deep you dig,
but the deeper you go, the rarer and more valuable the treasures get.

While most math games try to make practice fun by adding timers and urgency,
DiamondQuest instead gives you all the time you need to solve problems at your
own pace. There's no timers and no way to lose. The more you challenge
yourself, the greater the rewards are!

Featuring original retro graphics, intuitive gameplay, and a relaxing ambient
soundtrack, **DiamondQuest** will challenge everything you ever thought you knew
about platformer games. Get ready for the most fun you've ever had with math.

## Authors

DiamondQuest was built as part of GAME MODE 2020, an annual open source event
at MousePaw Media. Thanks to everyone who got involved!

MousePaw Media staff is denoted by [brackets].

Programming:
 - Harley Davis
 - [Wilfrantz Dede]
 - [Jacob Frazier]
 - [Muhammad Adeel Hussain]
 - [Elizabeth Larson]
 - [Ben Lovy]
 - [Jason C. McDonald]
 - [Graham Mix]
 - Moshe Uminer

Graphics:
 - [Elizabeth Larson]
 - [Jason C. McDonald]
 - Wightking

Sounds/Music:
 - [Jason C. McDonald]
 - Bowen Volwiler

Educational Design:
 - [Jason C. McDonald]
 - [Graham Mix]

## Dependencies

DiamondQuest is built with **Python 3.7** and **PyGame**.
(Full dependency list coming soon.)

## Contributions

We do NOT accept pull requests through GitHub.
If you would like to contribute code, please read our
[Contribution Guide][2].

All contributions are licensed to us under the
[MousePaw Media Terms of Development][3].

## License

DiamondQuest is licensed under the BSD-3 License. (See LICENSE.md)

The project is owned and maintained by [MousePaw Media][1].

[1]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/developers
[2]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/developers/contribution
[3]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/termsofdevelopment

Commit message:

Add reqs info to Makefile; split off dev reqs

README.md, after:

# DiamondQuest

A platformer about digging for treasure using *math* drills! It's inspired by
16-bit platformers.

DiamondQuest is an **accessibility-first** platformer, designed to be fun and
completely playable by players with motor disabilities affecting their use of
the mouse or keyboard. There is no "death condition", and no need to worry about
reflexes or tricky combinations: the entire game is playable with *one finger*
on the keyboard, or with a head pointer.

DiamondQuest is also a **math practice game** that coaches you while you solve
math problems. Problem difficulty is determined primarily by how deep you dig,
but the deeper you go, the rarer and more valuable the treasures get.

While most math games try to make practice fun by adding timers and urgency,
DiamondQuest instead gives you all the time you need to solve problems at your
own pace. There's no timers and no way to lose. The more you challenge
yourself, the greater the rewards are!

Featuring original retro graphics, intuitive gameplay, and a relaxing ambient
soundtrack, **DiamondQuest** will challenge everything you ever thought you knew
about platformer games. Get ready for the most fun you've ever had with math.

## Authors

DiamondQuest was built as part of GAME MODE 2020, an annual open source event
at MousePaw Media. Thanks to everyone who got involved!

MousePaw Media staff is denoted by [brackets].

Programming:
 - Harley Davis
 - [Wilfrantz Dede]
 - [Jacob Frazier]
 - [Muhammad Adeel Hussain]
 - [Elizabeth Larson]
 - [Ben Lovy]
 - [Jason C. McDonald]
 - [Graham Mix]
 - Moshe Uminer

Graphics:
 - [Elizabeth Larson]
 - [Jason C. McDonald]
 - Wightking

Sounds/Music:
 - [Jason C. McDonald]
 - Bowen Volwiler

Educational Design:
 - [Jason C. McDonald]
 - [Graham Mix]

## Dependencies

DiamondQuest is built with **Python 3.7** and **PyGame**.
See *requirements.txt* for full dependency list.

## Development

To get started on development quickly, we've also provided
*requirements_dev.txt* and a Makefile. On any system supporting Makefiles,
ensure you have Python 3.7 installed, and then run `make venv` to create the
virtual environment with all required dependencies for development.

See `make help` for the Makefile's other uses.

## Contributions

We do NOT accept pull requests through GitHub.
If you would like to contribute code, please read our
[Contribution Guide][2].

All contributions are licensed to us under the
[MousePaw Media Terms of Development][3].

## License

DiamondQuest is licensed under the BSD-3 License. (See LICENSE.md)

The project is owned and maintained by [MousePaw Media][1].

[1]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/developers
[2]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/developers/contribution
[3]: https://www.mousepawmedia.com/termsofdevelopment
